Responsive is better than fast
It’s not fully shipped until it’s fast
Anything added dilutes everything else
Practicality beats purity
Approachable is better than simple
Mind your words, they are important
Speak like a human
Half measures are as bad as nothing at all
Encourage flow
Non-blocking is better than blocking
Favor focus over features
Avoid administrative distraction
Design for failure
Keep it logically awesome
"We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution." ~ Abraham Lincoln
"But a Constitution of Government once changed from Freedom, can never be restored. Liberty, once lost, is lost forever." ~ John Adams
"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." ~ Thomas Paine
"If the citizens neglect their duty and place unprincipled men in office, the government will soon be corrupted . . . . If a republican government fails to secure public prosperity and happiness, it must be because the citizens neglect the Divine commands, and elect bad men to make and administer the laws." ~ Noah Webster
"Only a virtuous people are capable of freedom. As nations become corrupt and vicious, they have more need of masters." ~ Benjamin Franklin
"Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it." ~ Thomas Paine
"Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other." ~ John Adams
"Laws that forbid the carrying of arms disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes." ~ Thomas Jefferson
"The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions that I wish it to be always kept alive." ~ Thomas Jefferson
"The Declaration of Independence laid the cornerstone of human government upon the first precepts of Christianity." ~ John Adams
"They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." ~ Benjamin Franklin
"We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." ~ Thomas Jefferson
"Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms." ~ James Madison
"All might be free if they valued freedom, and defended it as they should." ~ Samuel Adams
"A militia, when properly formed, are in fact the people themselves... and include all men capable of bearing arms." ~ Richard Henry Lee
"Liberty, once lost, is lost forever." ~ John Adams
"To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of people always possess arms." ~ Richard Henry Lee
"I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just; that his justice cannot sleep forever." ~ Thomas Jefferson
"The only means of establishing and perpetuating our republican forms of government is the universal education of our youth in the principles of Christianity by means of the Bible." ~ Benjamin Rush
"Arms discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property... Horrid mischief would ensue were the law-abiding deprived of the use of them." ~ Thomas Paine
"I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments by those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations." ~ James Madison
"Without Virtue there can be no liberty" ~ Benjamin Rush
"I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies." ~ Thomas Jefferson
"Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed; as they are in almost every kingdom of Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops that can be, on any pretence, raised in the United States." ~ Noah Webster
"The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed." ~ Alexander Hamilton
"For my part, I sincerely esteem  the Constitution,  a system which without the finger of God, never could have been suggested and agreed upon by such a diversity of interests." ~ Alexander Hamilton
"To disarm the people... was the best and most effectual way to enslave them." ~ George Mason
"Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism." ~ George Washington
"The highest glory of the American Revolution was this: it connected in one indissoluble bond the principles of civil government with the principles of Christianity." ~ John Quincy Adams
"The Constitution be never construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press, or the rights of conscience; or to prevent the people of the United States, who are peaceable citizens, from keeping their own arms." ~ Samuel Adams
"Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!" ~ Patrick Henry
"The doctrines of Jesus are simple, and tend to all the happiness of man." ~ Thomas Jefferson
"I can only say that there is not a man living who wishes more sincerely than I do to see a plan adopted for the abolition of slavery." ~ George Washington
"It can not be emphasized too strongly or too often that this great nation was founded, not by religionists, but by Christians, not on religions, but on the gospel of Jesus Christ!" ~ Unknown
